---
title: New Gig!
draft: false
type: my-thoughts
date: 2013-06-03
categories:
  - Personal
slug: new-gig
---

It's been awhile since I posted my thoughts, but that's because I've been in the midst of a job hunt. Thankfully, it has been successful and I'm going to be moving on soon! Reasons being outlined below:

If you haven't noticed from some of my blog postings, they can seem more like rants (sorry about that). While I wouldn't say anything bad about any one person at my old place of employment, there are most definitely things I dislike about how process and designing sites are approached, as well as how much input and criticism is allowed from people involved on the project. This goes especially for the development side of things.

I believe in the way I was taught to design. The way I was taught was much more based on facts, design theory, statistics, reiteration, and critique (so much so that I genuinely miss a good critique). It's not the way they do things. Fair enough, I suppose. Everybody does things differently, even within the same school of thought. There are other problems relating to the process there, but I won't get into them. When you get down to it though, the motivation and the process employed there is just not something I can get behind anymore.

So, what am I looking forward to in the future at this new place? Primarily, people who think much more in line with how I was schooled. I went to an AIGA meet up in the cities not too long ago. It was so refreshing talking and listening to people who just understand what value it is to have a good design process. It was like coming up out of the water and getting a huge gulp of fresh air. Thankfully, the people at my new job seem to also understand these principles. Aside from that, bigger fish for clients is always fun too. I look forward to stretching my creative and technical wings with people who have the same goals.

More posts to come!
